Topics for demo

What blog share is

BlogShare is a service that allows Users to share text based content with the public.
Where Users create Blogs and then Posts within these blogs.
The user may also edit their posts as well as search for content created by themselves and other users. 

This are the basic service BlogShare offers, though.

The interesting features it contains come from it's content related to collaboration.

Collaboration is encouraged by giving the user's the ability to make individual
Blogs or Posts editable. 

This is done by marking the content as "public". 

Making a Blog "public".

Allows any user to create posts within the Blog.
As well as enabling edits to these individual Blogs from any User.

Making an individual post "public".
 
Allows any User to edit this post. 

A user can discover editable content by searching for it within the included Search Bar. 

If time allows, we may also enable a feature where individual users may be given 
"public privileges" for a individual blog or post. 

To keep track of edit changes, an edit history is associated with each post, allowing
the author of the post to track changes and reverse any undesirable edits. 

Currently we have completed the basic functionality of BlogShare, with the exception 
of the ability to load to results found using the searchBar. 

Today we will be demoing, account creation, a basic profile edit, blog and post creation
and finally the options available within our searchBar, including the inclusion of public
or non public content within the searchResults. 

(Needed for demo, multiple users with editable and non editable content).

Who worked on what- rough draft, feel free to restructure. 
 
Overall Idea and Design of BlogShare - Derek
Styling and Functionality of Profile - Jan
Blog create, post create - Vince/Derek
PostEdit - Vince
Internationalization - Jan(structure)/Vince(translation)

Database (Design/ Implementation / SQL)  - Derek 


Demo of login, profile showoff, Blog, post/creation ,Post edit

Login as Jan/Vince - ( Have blogs already created )
Show off profile, change username, logout
Create blog, add post
Back to profile
Link to blog from profile

Logout and search for other content - will need a preexisting user, with content that has been created.

Talk about what needs to be built

Edit History
Privileges for multiple users for single posts or multiple posts.
Link to generated. Search Results 
